# Answers for the Questions asked in the issue Part-2

1. If you decide to use the API to fetch the data then there are two changes you would have to make: create a dynamic function that can fetch anything from API (just for future usefulness and maintenance), use that function/promise in useEffect (with providing empty array as second argument or based on your preferences make it depend on any other variable if you also want to implement refresh in the web app or something like that extensively) hook and store the data in useState hook. Why useEffect? because the api request might fail but that should not affect the UI of the app, and speaking in react language, what we are doing in useEffect is impure and useEffect is perfect for impure functions/code, moreover useEffect runs in the background and allow other code to work, something like setTimeout.
2. Although, nanoid is a better choice than uuid (in terms of being more random, and more secure, etc.), nanoid can create problems if you have a database that is length dependent, if it's json then it's fine but if you have database based on SQL, then the key can cause problem in the database being a primary key. Moreover, at some point (not right now or in the near future) nanoid would not be able to make other keys because it has generated too many keys, so a safer way would be to use integers instead of nanoid since there are infinite number of integers where as the nanoid would be of only:
   $$ (len of id)! / ((len of id) - (total alphabets chosen))! => N!/(N - 26)! $$
considering you are using only 26 characters for the nanoid
$$ => N!/(N - 26)! $$
